For Investors | Aboard Docs Products The Exchange Aboard Asset Management 📖Tokenomics For Beginner Video Tutorials Asset Management Tutorials For Fund Managers For Investors Financial Terms What are Futures and Perpetual Futures? Why Indices and Index Futures Matter? Order Book and Spread Explained What are Market Makers and Market Takers? Risk Management Avoid Getting Rekt How to Hedge your ANC Principal when participating in liquidity mining on Anchor? Trading Understanding Candlestick Charts How to Read Support and Resistance Market Order vs. Limit Order: When to Use Which? For developer API General Info Public Data Trades Endpoints Account Endpoints Market Data Endpoints WebSocket Public Information Streams WebSocket Private Information Streams Signature Operation GitHub Implementation Perpetuals Futures Expected Changes in Accounts Multi-position liquidation price calculation Multi-positions bankruptcy price calculation Funding Calculation Indices Aboard DeFi-20 Index Methodology Price Feeds Fund Terms Fees Social Media Powered by GitBook Select Funds You can see all the live funds on the asset management page and rank them based on different criteria. Criteria Details Managed Total Assets Under Management 1D Portfolio return of the past 24 hours 1W Portfolio return of the past week 1M Portfolio return of the past month Total Total portfolio return Score The fund score depends on return, volatility, and average daily AUM of the past 30 days. Check the implementation page for more details. Risk The risk factor depends on the stop-loss line. A lower stop-loss percentage means higher risk. Check the implementation page for more details. Volume Trading volume in the past 30 days. Every fund page displays the essential information for better investment decisions. Buy a Fund To buy a fund, you first need to deposit some USDC to your fund account, which is separate from your perpetual trading account. Alternatively, you can transfer funds from your perpetual account to the funds account. You may access either function in the top-right corner. Currently, Aboard only support USDC for the asset management system. After depositing USDC, you can buy funds on the dedicated fund page. Monitor your Shares After purchasing, you can see how your funds perform via the fund page or your fund dashboard on the asset management page.. Sell your Shares You can always sell your shares via the Fund or Personal Dashboards. Your funds are subject to different lock-up periods depending on the fund terms and purchase time. You can schedule the earliest date you'd like to get your funds back. You are still exposed to the fund's performance (subject to win or loss) until the final delivery date. PreviousFor Fund Managers NextFinancial Terms Last updated 10 months ago On this page Select Funds Buy a Fund Monitor your Shares Sell your Shares The fund page Personal Dashboard