Legal - Kinza Finance 📄 Legal Disclaimer Please take the time to carefully read this disclaimer. All Kinza Finance websites, products, and applications will be referred to below as the Kinza Ecosystem. Agreement Users of Kinza Ecosystem acknowledge and accept the risks associated with using the protocol, including potential loss of funds. Use of Kinza Ecosystem will be considered an agreement of the below terms and disclaimers. Do not use the Kinza Ecoystem if you disagree with the terms herein. Term Modifications Kinza Finance reserves the right to modify these Terms from time to time without prior notice. Before accessing or using the Kinza Ecosystem, you should examine the most recent version of these Terms. Any modifications will take effect as soon as they are posted here, and continued use of the Kinza Ecosystem is considered an agreement of the modified Terms. Financial Advice Disclaimer The information provided on the Kinza Ecosystem is not investment advice, financial advice, trading advice, or any other type of advice, and is not guaranteed to be correct, complete, or up-to-date. Our team disclaims all liability for damages that may arise from the use, reference to, or reliance on any information contained within the Kinza Ecosystem. Risk & Liability Kinza Ecosystem cannot guarantee a loss-free experience. Investing in cryptocurrencies comes with risks of financial loss and significant asset price volatility, and it is the responsibility of Kinza Ecoystem users to comprehend these risks, conduct personal research, and determine how to engage. Kinza Finance is not responsible for any losses, damages, or claims incurred by users on the Kinza Ecosystem. This includes, but is not limited to: user errors (such as sending payments to incorrect addresses); Kinza Finance software or associated service-providers issues (such as BNB Chain issues); actions or fraud by third-parties; technical issues (malfunctioning DeFi wallets); and security issues the user may have (such as DeFi wallet mismanagement). Kinza Finance and contributors, unless otherwise required by law, can in no event be liable for damages, of any kind, caused by Kinza Ecoystem use. Downtime Kinza Ecosystem may be modified, updated, interrupted, suspended, or discontinued at any time without notice or liability. Security While Kinza Finance consistently performs robust audits and bug bounties, Kinza Finance does not guarantee the Kinza Ecosystem is 100% free from bugs. User Funds Kinza Finance is not responsible for the security of users' funds, and users are responsible for maintaining the security of their own wallets and private keys. Laws Users of the Kinza Ecosystem must comply with all applicable laws and regulations. Resources - Previous Security Next - Resources FAQ Last modified 2mo ago On this page Agreement Term Modifications Financial Advice Disclaimer Risk & Liability Downtime Security User Funds Laws