 Repay - Kinza Finance Repay Similar to deposit, the repay function also requires a transfer of an asset from your wallet. Approval to use the asset is first required before the transaction can be executed. Approve Use of Asset Once approval is complete, you can repay your debt in full, or partially. Repay Window When you repay your debt in full (clicking Max), please include a little bit more to cover the upcoming interest accrual that will occur as your repay transaction waits at the mempool. Then, once the debt repayment is executed, only the exact amount of your debt is taken. Previous Borrow Next Withdraw Last modified 8mo ago


Welcome to Kinza - Kinza Finance 🏯 Welcome to Kinza Kinza Finance Document Locker Welcome to the Kinza Finance document locker. Explore the information using the menu to the left to learn about all things Kinza. This Document Hub will be continuously updated as features, updates, and information evolve. What is Kinza Finance? Kinza Finance. The next-generation on-chain money market. Kinza Finance is the next-generation decentralized lending protocol on BNB Chain. Kinza Finance is non-custodial, permissionless, secure, and incorporates cutting-edge DeFi mechanisms and solutions to offer users a flexible and highly customizable DeFi lending experience. Built-in mechanisms and rewards incentivize participation, and innovative tokenomics ensure unparalleled sustainability. Basics: Kinza Finance lending markets are established as liquidity pool contracts. In a liquidity pool contract, lenders deposit cryptocurrencies to provide liquidity. Borrowers can simultaneously place collateral and borrow from the pooled funds in the same contract. Lenders generate a portion of interest paid by borrowers. In addition, borrowers can earn a portion of Kinza Governance Token (KZA) emissions. Unique to Kinza, we focus on Real Yield combined with exciting ve(3,3)-inspired tokenomics. KZA holders can stake KZA to earn a slice of protocol revenue, as well as bribes. Learn more about this system in the Tokenomics section. Let the games begin! About Us The name Kinza originates from the officially sanctioned gold guild in Tokugawa shogunate's time. Kinza Finance was started by a group of Fintech and blockchain experts with deep experience in the DeFi space. Projects we have built include Mantle Network, GRO Protocol, Cobo Custody and more. With comprehensive technical and practical knowledge of DeFi protocols, the Kinza team decided to build a lending protocol with the pinnacle of security standards and innovative tokenomics. Accurate and trustworthy information will always come from our official channels. We do not have a contract deployed, and KZA has not been issued. Do not trust sources that claim to represent Kinza Finance, especially those offering airdrops, tokens, or other offers. Next - Introduction Real Yield Vision Last modified 2mo ago On this page What is Kinza Finance? About Us


Flash Loans - Kinza Finance Flash Loans There is one unique instance where over-collateralization is not required to borrow on Kinza Finance - this instance is Flash Loans. Flash Loans are loans available to any Kinza Finance user who can take advantage of an off-platform product or service, or generate a profitable transaction, and require liquidity to do so. In this instance, a user can take out a Flash Loan and put the funds to use without collateral. The user, however, is then required to repay the loan in the same transaction as the original borrow transaction. To do a Flash Loan, the borrower will need to build a transaction contract that requests a Flash Loan, directs the liquidity to use, and then pay back the loan + interest within one transaction. If a Flash Loan is programmed wrong, and the loan is not repaid, the network rejects the transaction as if nothing had occurred. This is possible because the entire process is a single transaction, and the blockchain had not yet reassigned ownership of the assets involved. This is an advanced process and should be used only by skilled users proficient in programming transactions. More information on programming a Kinza Finance Flash Loan transaction will be available in the future. Previous Efficiency Mode Next - Lending Core Future Development Last modified 9mo ago


xKZA - Kinza Finance xKZA xKZA is essentially “locked KZA” or “staked KZA”. It is a different form of KZA. xKZA is forged when KZA is staked on the Kinza Finance platform. It is a non-transferable BEP-20 token used for voting to direct emissions. xKZA holders earn interest from the pools they have voted for, as well as bribes from borrowers. In each block, a percentage of interest goes to xKZA holders, distributed proportionally among voters in the current epoch. Instead of selecting a lock period upfront, KZA can be forged into xKZA at anytime instantly at 1:1 ratio. When transforming backwards, a redemption period is selected. xKZA is extracted to KZA up to a maximum of 1:1 conversion ratio, according to the user-defined redemption period. Extraction Process xKZA can be converted into KZA at any time, but is subject to an extraction period. The minimum extraction duration is 15 days, up to a maximum of 6 months. The ratio of KZA redeemable for xKZA increases from 1:0.5 to 1:1 along that time frame in a linear interpolation. Kinza Finance users can choose their preferred extraction period. If the selected extraction period is lower than the maximum (ratio < 1:1), the unclaimed excess KZA is burned. This extraction process is designed to encourage and reward long-term KZA holders. While being extracted, the xKZA can still be used in voting, and the user can continue to split interest and bribes, but only at 50% of the xKZA value. Once the extraction process finishes, the user's allocation for voting, interest, and bribes is cancelled. The user can cancel the extraction process at any time, in which case, the user will retrieve all initial redeeming xKZA, and no KZA. Example: Linda wants to extract 1000 xKZA, and has selected a six-month maximum extraction period to convert xKZA to KZA at a 1:1 ratio. During that six-month period, Linda will earn dividends as if she actually allocated 500 xKZA to the bribery option. On the other hand, if Linda chose a three-month extraction period, she would receive KZA at a 1:0.727 ratio. In this instance, Linda can redeem 727 KZA at the end of the extraction period. The 273 excess KZA is burned. During that three-month period, Linda still earn dividends as if she actually allocated 500 xKZA to the bribery option. Extraction Period Conversion Ratio (xKZA:KZA) 15 Days 1:0.5 1 Month 1:0.545 2 Months 1:0.636 3 Months 1:0.727 4 Months 1:0.818 5 Months 1:0.909 6 Months 1:1 Previous KZA Next - Tokenomics Voting Last modified 3mo ago


Tokens - Kinza Finance 🪙 Tokens Powering the Kinza Finance Protocol With ve(3,3) inspired emissions, innovative reward mechanisms, and governance, Kinza Finance prioritizes the health and growth of the ecosystem as a whole. Kinza tokenomics design was centered around the goal of providing Real Yield. This real yield comes from the interest paid by borrowers. By incentivizing borrowing via directed emissions, more interest is generated, and more real yield is provided to users. Kinza Finance uses one key token to power the protocol ecosystem - KZA. KZA token is forged into xKZA when staked, which is an altered form of KZA that can be used for voting, earning dividends, and other platform activities. KZA xKZA How It Works At the core of Kinza Finance, revenue is generated from interest paid by borrowers. The majority of this interest is paid to lenders who provided the liquidity in the first place. Locked token holders (xKZA) also earn a slice of protocol revenue. Moreover, locked token holders (xKZA) can vote to direct which lending market will receive emissions in the upcoming epoch (week). A bribery system allows borrowers to bribe xKZA holders to direct emissions into markets they already borrow from, so they can offset interest and generate profit. Therefore, locked token holders can not only earn interest, but also bribes paid by borrowers. Emission Rewards Borrowers earn KZA and xKZA from voted pools each epoch, according to a time-weighted assessment of the total debt held during that week. The more a user borrows, the more KZA is available to claim. KZA rewards collect on the Kinza Finance platform and can be claimed via the Kinza Dashboard and Reward page. The fewer borrowers in each epoch, the higher portion of KZA rewards available for a smaller total loan/debt. In addition to borrowers, lenders earn a portion of KZA emissions each epoch. Lending Core - Previous Future Development Next KZA Last modified 7mo ago On this page How It Works Emission Rewards


Legal - Kinza Finance 📄 Legal Disclaimer Please take the time to carefully read this disclaimer. All Kinza Finance websites, products, and applications will be referred to below as the Kinza Ecosystem. Agreement Users of Kinza Ecosystem acknowledge and accept the risks associated with using the protocol, including potential loss of funds. Use of Kinza Ecosystem will be considered an agreement of the below terms and disclaimers. Do not use the Kinza Ecoystem if you disagree with the terms herein. Term Modifications Kinza Finance reserves the right to modify these Terms from time to time without prior notice. Before accessing or using the Kinza Ecosystem, you should examine the most recent version of these Terms. Any modifications will take effect as soon as they are posted here, and continued use of the Kinza Ecosystem is considered an agreement of the modified Terms. Financial Advice Disclaimer The information provided on the Kinza Ecosystem is not investment advice, financial advice, trading advice, or any other type of advice, and is not guaranteed to be correct, complete, or up-to-date. Our team disclaims all liability for damages that may arise from the use, reference to, or reliance on any information contained within the Kinza Ecosystem. Risk & Liability Kinza Ecosystem cannot guarantee a loss-free experience. Investing in cryptocurrencies comes with risks of financial loss and significant asset price volatility, and it is the responsibility of Kinza Ecoystem users to comprehend these risks, conduct personal research, and determine how to engage. Kinza Finance is not responsible for any losses, damages, or claims incurred by users on the Kinza Ecosystem. This includes, but is not limited to: user errors (such as sending payments to incorrect addresses); Kinza Finance software or associated service-providers issues (such as BNB Chain issues); actions or fraud by third-parties; technical issues (malfunctioning DeFi wallets); and security issues the user may have (such as DeFi wallet mismanagement). Kinza Finance and contributors, unless otherwise required by law, can in no event be liable for damages, of any kind, caused by Kinza Ecoystem use. Downtime Kinza Ecosystem may be modified, updated, interrupted, suspended, or discontinued at any time without notice or liability. Security While Kinza Finance consistently performs robust audits and bug bounties, Kinza Finance does not guarantee the Kinza Ecosystem is 100% free from bugs. User Funds Kinza Finance is not responsible for the security of users' funds, and users are responsible for maintaining the security of their own wallets and private keys. Laws Users of the Kinza Ecosystem must comply with all applicable laws and regulations. Resources - Previous Security Next - Resources FAQ Last modified 2mo ago On this page Agreement Term Modifications Financial Advice Disclaimer Risk & Liability Downtime Security User Funds Laws


Real Yield Vision - Kinza Finance 🌅 Real Yield Vision Kinza Finance is an on-chain money market on BNB Chain that is accessible, secure, and sustainable. Accessibility: Blockchain has revolutionized finance with decentralized transactions and investing opportunities, activities once solely provided by central banks. With the advent of smart contracts, developers began to experiment with decentralized financial products – like borrowing and lending. Instead of third-party intermediaries determining who can borrow, lend – and in what ways, decentralized solutions use smart contracts and incentivization mechanisms to ensure healthy accounts and sustainable ecosystems. Decentralized Finance (DeFi) facilitates accessible financial opportunities for all, empowers the individual, and generates new possibilities for earning rewards and tokens without the need for selling investment positions. Security: The team at Kinza Finance believes lending protocols are the cornerstone of a DeFi system. Acting as a decentralized risk department, keeping individual investors, institutions, and asset pools healthy. Lending protocols, like decentralized exchanges, utilize liquidity pools to establish and maintain unique lending markets. Like any system involving liquidity pools, security is of primary importance. With security attacks and vulnerabilities highlighted over time, lending protocols have grown to incorporate high-level security features - Kinza Finance aims to set a new standard. Kinza adopts cutting-edge security measures, like Asset Isolation, to ensure a bulletproof system. Separate from network security, stimulating liquidity provision has been a primary challenge for lending protocols – this is where Kinza innovates further. Sustainability: Having numerous lending markets with deep liquidity is a hallmark sign of a healthy lending protocol. Without sufficient liquidity, borrowing becomes impossible. Kinza Finance Tokenomics employs a modified ve(3,3) emissions mechanism that allows participants to direct emissions to chosen lending pools each week, stimulating the growth of lending and borrowing activities. These emissions provide sustainable Real Yield for liquidity providers. Real Yield Good Liquidity is at the heart of healthy lending protocols. Without liquidity, borrowing becomes impossible. Instead of catalyzing liquidity provision by incentivizing lending, Kinza believes the solution to the liquidity problem is to focus not on lending, but borrowing. With borrowing incentives and effective interest rates, deposits will come. Kinza Finance provides sustainable Real Yield to lenders and token holders. ve(3,3)-Inspired Emissions Inspired by the innovative vote escrow (3,3) Tokenomics used to stimulate liquidity provision in DEX’s, Kinza Finance uses a gauged voting system to direct Kinza Finance token (KZA) emissions into lending markets. Emissions are separated into weekly periods, we will refer to as Epochs. In each Epoch, holders stake KZA, and vote to direct emissions to certain lending pools for upcoming Epochs. In each voted-upon lending market, rewards are given to borrowers, not lenders. Lenders earn the majority of the interest paid by borrowers. For more information on token emissions, head over to: Tokenomics Introduction - Previous Welcome to Kinza Next - Introduction Important Links Last modified 2mo ago On this page Real Yield ve(3,3)-Inspired Emissions


Liquidation - Kinza Finance Liquidation According to unique parameters set for each lending market, a user can borrow a maximum value amount in relation to the value of provided collateral. If this ratio changes due to the market, a borrower account can become unhealthy (health factor <= 1), with the value of borrowed assets crossing a threshold known as the Liquidation Threshold. When this threshold is crossed, it means the value of borrowed assets is greater than the acceptable limit compared to the value of provided collateral. In this situation, a borrower may be subject to liquidation. This threshold can be crossed in two scenarios: if the borrowed assets appreciate in value, or if the collateralized assets decrease in value. How Liquidation Works The blockchain nature of smart contract-powered lending protocols naturally leads to a transparent ecosystem. This means that while accounts are private – in that, there is no information to tie accounts to the owner identity – anyone can see the health of accounts on the Kinza Finance system. When a loan becomes unhealthy (health factor <= 1), and the collateral value no longer exceeds the necessary threshold, it will automatically be designated as such. A liquidation is then required to return the borrower to a healthy LTV ratio (learn about LTV here). Liquidators can monitor accounts and see what accounts require liquidations, as well as accounts that may be close. During a liquidation, liquidators will purchase a portion of a borrower’s loan at a discount. Liquidators are encouraged to be first and take advantage of these discounts. Once this occurs, the borrower has reduced their debt, and the collateral they provided is now sufficient to return their account to a healthy status. Liquidation Penalty The Liquidation Penalty is a fee paid by the borrower due to a liquidation for the value of collateralized assets. Each asset has a unique Liquidation Penalty determined according to underlying asset risk analysis. Details and asset-specific liquidation penalty information are displayed when a borrower selects an asset to loan. Efficiency Mode, or e-mode, has unique parameter configurations with lower liquidation penalties. Learn more about Efficiency Mode here. Previous Lending & Borrowing Next - Lending Core Risk Methodology Last modified 6mo ago On this page How Liquidation Works Liquidation Penalty


Lending & Borrowing - Kinza Finance Lending & Borrowing Do more with your digital assets. Kinza Finance allows investors to do more with their investment positions without having to sell them. Take advantage of Kinza Finance DeFi opportunities with loans, generate yield by providing liquidity, participate in governance and rake in KZA emissions, or scoop up tokens at a discount and be rewarded for keeping the platform healthy as a liquidator. Lending Kinza Finance lending pools rely on depositors to add liquidity to lending markets. By supplying liquidity, lenders receive a portion of interest paid by borrowers as rewards. Kinza Finance uses tokenized positions. Depositors to Kinza Finance will receive kTokens that represent their lending activities. kTokens are interest bearing tokens, they accrue interest in proportion to the lending position in a given lending market. The value of kTokens are pegged 1:1 to the tokens deposited. kTokens can be transferred, or traded. To lend, users connect their DeFi wallet and deposit chosen assets. This provided liquidity will automatically become available to borrowers, and begin to generate interest for the depositor. Borrowing Borrowers on Kinza Finance deposit digital assets to use as collateral, and borrow other assets in return. The amount a borrower is allowed to borrow in relation to their deposited collateral is determined according to risks of the assets involved. Borrowers are the backbone of Kinza Finance. Kinza Finance tokens (KZA) are available as rewards to borrowers of select lending markets, as determined by directed emissions in a process described here. Similar to the kTokens, borrowers will accrue tokenized debt in the form of dTokens. When a user borrows an asset, dTokens are minted. They represent the debt owed by the token holder and accrue interest according to the interest rates of the specific lending market. dTokens are burnt when a loan is repaid. As a borrower, there is a maximum amount you are able to borrow in relation to the liquidity provided as collateral, according to a Loan to Value system. For more information on Loan to Value (LTV), jump to the Risk Factor section. Interest Rates Interest rates on Kinza Finance fluctuate according to the available capital and utilization of each lending market. The interest rates determine how much interest a borrower must pay for their loan, which in turn affects the split of interest earned as rewards for liquidity providers in that market. Similar to other DeFi lending protocols, interest rates for a given lending market will be low when liquidity is high, and capital is available - this lower interest rate is to encourage borrowing. When capital of a lending market is scarce, interest rates will increase to encourage debt repayments and increase the liquidity of that market. A Utilization vs Interest Rate chart will be available for each asset to document the current interest rate according to the utilization and liquidity of that market. At Kinza Finance, a portion of borrowers' interest will be paid to users who have staked KZA. A portion will also go to the protocol reserve, to protect against bad debt. More about reserves can be found here. Lending Core - Previous Lending Basics Next Liquidation Last modified 9mo ago On this page Lending Borrowing Interest Rates


Voting - Kinza Finance 🔮 Voting Directing Emissions Voting on the Kinza Finance platform programs the direction of KZA emissions for upcoming Epochs. To vote, users stake KZA in exchange 1:1 for xKZA. Only xKZA holders are permitted to vote, preventing large-scale external influence and manipulation. xKZA in the redeeming process can also be used to vote, but at 50% weight. To encourage increased volume and further incentivize liquidity, Kinza Finance allows bribes to further encourage borrowers in specific lending markets. Voters can earn Bribe + Interest accrued to the asset they voted for. Previous xKZA Next - Tokenomics Bribes Last modified 9mo ago


Future Development - Kinza Finance 🏗️ Future Development Onwards We are building many features focusing on Security. They will be released in future versions as the product grows. Our development aims to allow users to do more, earn more, increase capital efficiency on the protocol, and fine-tune the robust security and safety mechanisms for stable growth. A few features in development include: Protected Collateral – Have more freedom to decide how your liquidity can be used. Protected Collateral allows depositors to limit the ability of borrowers to use their collateral in a loan. Liquidation Improvements – Kinza Finance is developing a more adaptable liquidation system, so that liquidations occur only when necessary. Utilization of solutions like variable close factors will allow liquidations to occur more gently in required amounts to bring a borrower back up to health. Stable Borrow Rate - Borrowers will have the option to select a fixed interest rate, and lock in a preferred rate. Timelock on Large Outbound Flow - We plan to collaborate with top security firms to add automatic security check before large funds are borrowed or withdrew. It can protect the protocol against a wide range of potential attacks. Time-Adaptive Interest Rate Response Controller - This IR adaptive response system attempts to exponentially adjust interest rates in case of high Utilization Rate to incentivize the needed actions (i.e., debt repayments) to bring the system back into balance exactly when it counts. Algorithmic LTV Controller - Current DEX liquidity and asset price volatility are critical factors to consider when establishing asset risks and determining Loan to Value parameters. The Algorithmic LTV Controller monitors DEX and price data feeds to adapt LTV's for each asset pool, ensuring stable markets and functional liquidations. Previous Flash Loans Next - Tokenomics Tokens Last modified 6mo ago


Capital Efficiency - Kinza Finance 🚀 Capital Efficiency Kinza Finance aims to maximize capital efficiency wherever possible on the platform. This means ensuring assets have the most efficient interest rates, LTV ratios, liquidation thresholds, liquidation penalties, and other relevant parameters. Kinza Finance will continue to integrate new features to improve capital efficiency. Currently, Efficiency Mode can be toggled on to turbo-boost capital efficiency when specific asset classes are used together. Flash Loans allows user to borrow without collateral as long as the debt is returned in the same transaction. Efficiency Mode Flash Loans Previous Reserves Next Efficiency Mode Last modified 7mo ago


Connect & Supply - Kinza Finance Connect & Supply Connecting First, you will need to connect your DeFi wallet to the Kinza Finance mainnet. Head over to app.kinza.finance and click on Connect Wallet. A popup will give you a list of supported wallets. Click on your preferred wallet to continue. In this case, we will connect a Metamask wallet. Once connected, you will now see your wallet address in the right-hand corner of the Kinza Finance dashboard, as well as your available assets to supply. In this case, we have ~$47 of $BNB available (0.21 BNB). Let's deposit half of our available BNB. To supply, click on "Supply". A window will pop up to enter the desired amount of your available assets for deposit. Since the deposit function requires a transfer of assets from your wallet, approval is needed. An approval window will pop up, and you will need to approve to continue. Once you have approved and confirmed the transaction, the deposit will be executed, and you will return to the dashboard. Now that you are back to the dashboard with the supplied assets, you can switch the collateral toggle if you want to use your deposited assets as collateral for a loan. Switch the toggle, and a window will pop up. Click "Enabling As Collateral" and you will be greeted with a final message to confirm. Introduction - Previous How To Next Borrow Last modified 6mo ago


Reserves - Kinza Finance Reserves In extreme market conditions, some volatile assets may lead borrowing positions to become insolvent, with no collateral left. Any liabilities or borrowed assets will now be considered bad debt. This can have ripple effects on the platform. To protect each lending pool from bad-debt, Kinza Finance uses a reserves mechanism, whereby borrowers pay a portion of interest to a reserve pool that can be used as a last resort. To ensure that each pool has enough funds in reserves, Kinza determines a pool-specific Reserve Factor. Reserve Factor The Reserve Factor is a number given to each lending market that sets the proportion of interest diverted to reserves for that specific market. Given each market involves assets with varying levels of risk and volatility, it is necessary to divert more or less interest to reserves to ensure that reserve funds accumulate faster than bad-debt in each case. A careful balance must be reached to properly incentivize lenders, but also to maximize the security and stability of the lending market. Kinza Finance will allow the Reserve Factors to evolve according to Governance processes to achieve a healthy balance in each lending market. Previous Asset Isolation Next - Lending Core Capital Efficiency Last modified 9mo ago


BNB Chain - Kinza Finance BNB Chain Core Lending Contract Address PoolAddressesProvider 0xCa20a50ea454Bd9F37a895182ff3309F251Fd7cE PoolDataProvider 0x09Ddc4AE826601b0F9671b9edffDf75e7E6f5D61 PoolConfigurator 0xA5776459837651ed4DE8Ed922e123D5898EfE5a2 Pool 0xcB0620b181140e57D1C0D8b724cde623cA963c8C Oracle 0xec203E7676C45455BF8cb43D28F9556F014Ab461 ACLManager 0x625EdAB184b3B517654097875F1D8C9820163e31 EmissionManager 0xE85d5D7f0B627A545E29248Cb1A6807b28ca2D51 Peripheral Contract Address WalletBalanceProvider 0xa8Fe77c5A6F67278b3288011bE155723AE160c1a BorrowableDataProvider 0xcf46F77cD75a17900d59676fBe4B88aAdcBA9533 LiquidationDataProvider 0xBb5f2d30c0fC9B0f71f7B19DaF19e7Cf3D23eb5E Governance Name Address Timelock 0x7a085A60Ce5eD569C1dAd219a41e375c40283d6A Governance 0x9808330D36A6E1B7a7c3b675566008a2eA50bA71 Treasury 0x65FDCD48c4807F67429Bdc731d6964f5553CdB36 Resources - Previous Deployed Contracts Next opBNB Last modified 3mo ago


Borrow - Kinza Finance Borrow Assets deposited are automatically set for use as collateral. With an asset deposited and set as collateral, you can then borrow against that collateral. See below to see what the borrow window looks like. The available metric is the current maximum available amount you can borrow based on market liquidity and user borrowing capacity. The Health Factor section demonstrates the change of Health Factor before and after the borrow. Information on how Health Factor is calculated can be found here: Health Factor Borrow Window Degen Borrow In the above example, WETH borrow, the selected borrow amount would reduce the user Heal Factor from 25.72 to 1.03. The platform prevents users from borrowing beyond a safety threshold set both on the contract and dApp. Furthermore, a warning will be displayed to users attempting to conduct a borrow with high leverage (i.e., a desired borrow resulting in a Health Factor below 1.5). Previous Connect & Supply Next Repay Last modified 8mo ago


Withdraw - Kinza Finance Withdraw Withdrawing affects your Health Factor due to the change in your loan to collateral ratio. When you want to withdraw, a preview of how the withdrawal will affect your Health Factor is displayed. Final Health Factor must remain above 1 for the withdrawal to pass. Withdraw Window If you click Max during withdrawal. The transaction would fill in a type(uint256).max, or 0xffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffff ; in order to signal a full exit on the execution. All your deposit would be withdrawn at the execution. Previous Repay Next - Introduction Airdrop Last modified 8mo ago


Lending Basics - Kinza Finance ⚖️ Lending Basics The Basics Welcome to the Kinza Finance Lending Core. Lending and borrowing are at the heart of Kinza Finance features. By promoting lending and liquidity provision through earnable interest, borrowing becomes possible. Borrowing, and the interest accrued, powers the platform and stimulates opportunities for liquidators to profit from liquidations that simultaneously keep the entire ecosystem stable. Real Yield further incentivizes Borrowers in select lending markets each week, which further fuels lending. Continue to the next page to learn more about these symbiotic components of the Kinza Finance protocol. Lending & Borrowing Liquidation Introduction - Previous Roadmap Next Lending & Borrowing Last modified 9mo ago


Bribes - Kinza Finance 💰 Bribes Additional Incentives Bribes, in the form of KZA, are an additive tool for incentivizing liquidity by fueling votes. Bribers can deposit bribes to make a pool more attractive to voters. Bribes deposited towards a pool will be distributed to all voters of that pool at the end of the current epoch, together with interest accrued. Bribes in the form of tokens for each lending market will be allowed in the future. I.e., a briber aiming to incentivize voters to direct emissions to the WETH pool can deposit WETH for the bribe. Tokenomics - Previous Voting Next - Resources Testnet Last modified 9mo ago


opBNB - Kinza Finance opBNB Core Lending Contract Address PoolAddressesProvider 0x993E9A7E2dEC99b86F982deb0f37ade278949fa4 PoolDataProvider 0xBb5f2d30c0fC9B0f71f7B19DaF19e7Cf3D23eb5E PoolConfigurator 0x32379a91a2B553a807789f50cced4cdAb2fd26F6 Pool 0x3Aadc38eBAbD6919Fbd00C118Ae6808CBfE441CB Oracle 0x41822C45348358D612F8D4e3E1Bc1aa2bE92A85e ACLManager 0x6e5b5c70E768F3B0c7df0338FE00B6E8d3f59046 EmissionManager 0x077893c85114aEE560155AF4eEd61F717e8abC6F Peripheral Contract Address WalletBalanceProvider 0x0df5A3C7F28514873ab3B2C11a76D30073D95EB5 BorrowableDataProvider 0xdE451B696c99B7ce77b944E12abDCB34e3b69802 LiquidationDataProvider 0xc086e15c3c2557aaAc1F7301e99B9386d090241A Governance Name Address Governance 0x028Bb35818F95C9ee7aCf85E964067745df5840F Treasury 0x55033063C7801EACfda99E97429f92523E9B1eD3 Previous BNB Chain Next - Resources Security Last modified 3mo ago


Risk Factors - Kinza Finance Risk Factors Overcollateralization Kinza Finance adopts a policy of over collateralization – which means that collateral values must be greater than the loan. Each lending market will require a unique risk-associated requirement for overcollateralizing. Some factors that affect the risk determination of each asset include: Volatility - Highly volatile assets require a higher LTV, as the value of a loan or collateral changes in higher frequency and degree compared to other assets – and therefore possess an increased risk of triggering liquidations. Market Capitalization – Small market capitalization projects are newer, with more unknowns regarding the security and stability of project assets. Furthermore, projects with small market cap valuations tend to be substantially more volatile than large market cap counterparts. Market capitalization requires its own consideration, separate from the volatility implications. The risk assessment of each asset determines the parameters for lenders and borrowers. Loan to Value, and Liquidation Thresholds are used to monitor and maintain healthy overcollateralized loans. Loan to Value Loan to Value refers to the ratio of loan in relation to the value of collateral. LTV is used to ensure platform stability and protect against price-action volatility, which can damage the health of user accounts. Riskier assets experience higher volatility and require a larger buffer in collateral value to maintain a healthy account and prevent a domino effect of liquidations. Both collateral and borrow asset risk assessments affect the unique LTV in a given circumstance. Example: Linda deposits BNB. In this instance, Linda wants to borrow BUSD. If the LTV in the BNB lending market is 60%, Linda can borrow 0.6 BUSD for every 1 BUSD worth of BNB deposited as collateral. Linda cannot borrow more than 60% of the total value of her collateralized assets. Liquidation Threshold Liquidation Threshold is the threshold ratio of loan vs collateral value, which regulates whether a borrower is in good standing with a healthy account, and overcollateralized loan. If the threshold ratio is crossed, a borrower is designated as holding an undercollateralized loan and potentially subject to liquidation. Liquidation allows anyone to purchase a portion of the loan (at a discount) to bring the health of the borrow account back above the liquidation threshold. A liquidation threshold can be hit if a collateral asset falls in value, or a borrowed asset appreciates in value. Liquidation Threshold of a user's account is calculated as the weighted average of the Liquidation Thresholds of all collateral assets in the account: LiquidationThreshold=Σ Collaterali in USD ∗ LiquidationThresholdiTotalCollateral in USDLiquidationThreshold = \frac{ \Sigma \ Collateral_i\ in\ USD\ *\ LiquidationThreshold_i}{TotalCollateral\ in\ USD}LiquidationThreshold=TotalCollateral in USDΣ Collaterali in USD ∗ LiquidationThresholdi Example: For the following example, let’s assume a liquidation threshold of 65%. Linda has borrowed the maximum amount of BUSD for her collateralized BNB. Due to market price-action, BNB has dropped in price to the point where she is then borrowing the equivalent of 0.65 BUSD for every 1 BUSD worth of BNB in collateral. This has now reached the liquidation threshold, and Linda’s account could be marked for liquidation. Health Factor The Health Factor is a number given to represent the health of an account, with all positions, deposits, and loans considered. Each wallet must maintain a health factor of >1. If the health factor of an account drops below 1, loan positions may be liquidated to return a wallet account back to health. Health Factor is calculated in the following way: HealthFactor=Σ Collaterali in USD ∗ LiquidationThresholdiTotalBorrows in USDHealthFactor = \frac{ \Sigma \ Collateral_i\ in\ USD\ *\ LiquidationThreshold_i}{TotalBorrows\ in\ USD}HealthFactor=TotalBorrows in USDΣ Collaterali in USD ∗ LiquidationThresholdi Example: Linda supplied $100 USDC (Liquidation Threshold is 85%) and $100 worth of BNB (Liquidation Threshold is 75%), and then borrowed $150 worth of ETH. At this time, Health Factor=((100*85%)+(100*75%))/150=1.06. If the prices of collateral(USDC /BNB) decreases, or price of debt(ETH) increases, the Health Factor will decrease and has a risk of moving lower than 1. If it drops below 1, the position will be liquidated. 1. Increase in debt value: If the ETH loan originally worth $150 increases in value to $161, calculated according to the above formula, the Health Factor is 0.993, which is lower than 1, triggering liquidation. 2. Collateral value decreases: If the $100 worth of BNB drops to $88 in value, the Health Factor will become 0.999, and it will also trigger liquidation. Supply and Borrow Caps These parameters limit how much an asset can be supplied or borrowed. Limiting supply can help reduce exposure to an asset and prevent attacks like infinite mining or price manipulation. Limiting borrow can help reducing insolvency risk. Lending Core - Previous Risk Methodology Next Asset Isolation Last modified 2mo ago On this page Overcollateralization Loan to Value Liquidation Threshold Health Factor Supply and Borrow Caps


Airdrop - Kinza Finance 🎁 Airdrop Kinza Finance Airdrop and Referral Program KZA Airdrop As outlined in our Tokenomics section: A total potential supply of 5%, or 5 Million $KZA will be distributed during airdrops after the Token Generation Event. The amount of KZA airdropped will be majorly proportional to time-weighted TVL each user contributed leading up to TGE. This airdrop kick-starts the Kinza Wars by rewarding early supporters of the platform who can be the first to stake, vote, participate, and earn in the earliest epoch. Note: The airdrop will take place after the Token Generation Event, for which the date has not been decided yet. Airdrop Points System The Kinza Airdrop Points System gives users a preview into how much airdrop they can get following TGE according to their deposited TVL and time spent in the protocol. The longer a user holds liquidity on the platform, the more points they earn, and the larger eligible airdrop allocation they generate. At the time of TGE and prior to the KZA airdrop, the Points System will be the primary factor that determines how the KZA airdrop is distributed. The more points you have, the larger your airdrop. That being said, it is not a 1:1 conversion - 1 Airdrop Point does not equate to 1 KZA. Airdrop Page To view your earned Airdrop Points, navigate to the Airdrop section of Kinza DApp. Here, you will be able to view your Airdrop Points, as well as send invites and explore your referrals. Your Airdrop Points are updated everyday at 0 UTC time, according to the current value of the liquidity you have supplied. Points are generated from time-weighted TVL. $100 worth of TVL deposited for 1 day will generate 1 point. Same as $50 worth of TVL deposited for 2 days, or $1 worth of TVL deposited for 100 day. Liquidity provision is the primary action that is rewarded with Airdrop Points, but stay tuned for campaigns, events, and other actions for more opportunities to gain points and increase your allocation. Early Supporter Bonus To express appreciation to our early supporters, we will add 10% bonus to all points earned prior to the launch of this points system. The point system scans the protocol history and generates the applicable points for users who have already deposited to Kinza. In Airdrop Page, your Base Points would have already included the 10% bonus. The Referral System The Kinza Finance airdrop referral program stimulates the growth of TVL and provides our early supporters and users to benefit from increased airdrop allocations following the KZA TGE. How It Works Each user has a unique Referral code. This code consists of 6 characters. When a user is invited to Kinza Finance with a referral code, and deposits on the platform, both the Referrer and Referree earn a 10% bonus on the referred user' airdrop allocation according to their total value of deposits. This means that if you invite three users who each qualify for a 100 KZA airdrop, you will be eligible for your airdrop allocation plus a 30 KZA allocation bonus! In this case, each of those three referred users would also receive a 10% bonus - so 10 more KZA to each of them. The amount of KZA airdropped will be majorly proportional to time-weighted TVL each user contributed leading up to TGE. A leaderboard of users with the highest total referred TVL can be found on the referral dashboard. Referral Ranking Inviting Users In order to access your dashboard, you will need to connect your DeFi wallet. You can follow the instructions in Connect & Supplyif you are just getting started with Kinza Finance. Your referral dashboard can be found here (wallet must be connected): Kinza Finance If you are already logged in to Kinza Finance, you will see a link to the Airdrop Points dashboard on the top menu bar. You will be able to access your Referral dashboard there. Users can be invited either using an embedded link generated from the user dashboard, or via manually inputing a referral code using the Binding tool. Previous Withdraw Next - Introduction Roadmap Last modified 2mo ago On this page KZA Airdrop Airdrop Points System Airdrop Page Early Supporter Bonus The Referral System How It Works Inviting Users


How To - Kinza Finance ℹ️ How To Please note Kinza Finance is currently running as a Testnet Version 1. To use the platform and apply this How To, you will need to first set up your DeFi wallet and acquire test tokens. For more information on the Testnet, please navigate to the Testnet documentation page in Resources. Connect & Supply Borrow Repay Withdraw Introduction - Previous Important Links Next Connect & Supply Last modified 6mo ago


Deployed Contracts - Kinza Finance 🏹 Deployed Contracts BNB Chain opBNB Resources - Previous Testnet Next BNB Chain Last modified 3mo ago


Asset Isolation - Kinza Finance Asset Isolation When an asset with low liquidity or high volatility is listed on the platform, it poses a threat, as sudden drops in price or a significant increase in trading volume of the asset can impact the health of collateral to liability relationships, resulting in increased liquidations, and can have domino effects across multiple liquidity pools - negatively affecting the entire platform. For instance, if a volatile asset drops rapidly in price, a borrower could no longer have a healthy collateral/borrow ratio, and could then be subject to liquidation. Asset Isolation is a feature to combat the potential threat posed by volatile asset pools. Each asset contains a Collateral Type property that determines how it can be used as collateral. This is how it works: Collateral Type: Open An asset with the Open collateral type value can be used as collateral, and can be used simultaneously with other collateral. Collateral Type: Isolated If an asset collateral property is isolated, it can only be used as collateral in isolation - no other form of collateral can be provided from that Kinza Finance account. This rule works in reverse, if a Kinza Finance user already provides collateral with a non-isolated collateral asset, they will not be able to add further collateral using an asset with the isolated property. A user who provides collateral with an isolated property can still provide liquidity, but cannot use it as collateral for further borrowing activities. To switch collateral in this scenario, the user needs to first pay back his debt, turn off the original asset's usage as collateral, then turn on the new asset's usage as collateral. If an isolated asset is used as collateral, then you can only borrow the following assets: USDT, USDC. There's also a debt limit if you use isolated asset as collateral. Example: Linda wants to deposit an asset A - It is an isolated asset. Linda can use A as collateral, as they have no other collateral position. Linda can now choose from assets available to borrow, given she is using an isolated asset as collateral. Collateral Type: Closed An asset with the Closed collateral type value can be deposited on the platform to earn interest, but cannot be used as collateral. Previous Risk Factors Next Reserves Last modified 2mo ago On this page Collateral Type: Open Collateral Type: Isolated Collateral Type: Closed


KZA - Kinza Finance KZA The native Kinza Finance token. KZA is a BEP-20 token on BNB Chain. $KZA contact address: TGE has not yet occurred. Distribution Kinza Finance Tokenomics has been engineered to fuel participation, reward users, stimulate liquidity provision by incentivizing borrowers, and ensure a secure and stable protocol. The majority allocation of KZA has been reserved for community emissions to power ve-Real-Yield tokenomics and fuel the Kinza Wars. The breakdown of 100 million $KZA total supply is as follows: Vesting The Vesting schedule further demonstrates the Kinza Finance commitment to sustainable growth and community. Vesting will occur, over a four year period. Team, Investor, and Advisor vesting terms have a one year cliff, followed by a three year vesting period. Community and Reserve allocations are scheduled for a four year vesting period. Airdrop 5M KZA (5% of total supply) has been allocated for distribution as an airdrop. The majority of this allocation will be distributed to users who provide liquidity on the Kinza platform during soft launch period before TGE (Token Generation Event) as a retroactive reward. The airdrop will occur following the KZA TGE. *TGE date has not been unveiled, and more details on the KZA airdrop are coming via official Kinza channels. Until that time, do not trust any claims about a KZA token sale, or airdrop. Tokenomics - Previous Tokens Next xKZA Last modified 7mo ago On this page Distribution Vesting Airdrop


Important Links - Kinza Finance 🔗 Important Links Bookmark | Join | Connect Website: https://kinza.finance Dapp: https://app.kinza.finance Documents: https://docs.kinza.finance Twitter: https://twitter.com/kinzafinance Discord: https://discord.gg/JFXTEp8Nub Telegram: https://t.me/kinza_finance Medium: https://kinzafinance.medium.com Bug Bounty: https://hackenproof.com/kinza Testnet: https://testnet.kinza.finance Github: https://github.com/Kinza-Finance International Resources 🇹🇷 Turkish Telegram: https://t.me/kinzafinanceturkiye 🇹🇷 Turkish Medium: https://medium.com/@kinzafinancetr Introduction - Previous Real Yield Vision Next - Introduction How To Last modified 2mo ago


Testnet - Kinza Finance 🔬 Testnet Steps to use Kinza Testnet The testnet is intended for development purposes and does not offer any incentives. DeFi Wallet Setup In order to use the testnet, you will need a DeFi wallet that supports BNB Chain, and the BNB Chain testnet network will need to be added. Use the following information to manually add the BNB Chain testnet network: Network Name: BNB Chain Testnet Website: https://testnet.binance.org/ ChainID: 97 NetworkID: 97 Symbol: BSC Kinza Finance V1 Testnet Link Access the Kinza Testnet at the following link: KINZA APP Acquiring Tesnet Tokens First, you will need to acquire Binance Smart Chain test tokens to mint other test assets to use on the Kinza platform. This core token is TBNB. To receive TBNB, use the BNB discord https://discord.com/invite/bnbchain. Once in the Discord, head to the "testnet-fuacet" channel. To receive TBNB, use the following command: !faucet <your BNB testnet address> You will receive 0.5TBNB sent to the provided address. Now, to fully explore the Kinza V1 Testnet, you will need more test tokens. To acquire tokens, head to the BNB testnet contract faucet at the following link: 0x02Aabca391725De4F6e9Ea44b0A3C1C7D853253E Once on the page, select the "Contract" tab. Select "Write Contract" tab, then click the "Connect to Web3" button. Proceed on your browswer wallet pop up. After the button change into "Connected - Web3", expand the first option - "Mint". Input the token address for the asset you would like to mint and send to the DeFi wallet address you will use on the Kinza V1 Testnet. Testnet Tokens Address Use the unique token addresses listed below to input in the faucet to mint each token respectively. All tokens are made into 18 decimals, so to receive 10 tokens, input a 10 followed by 18 0's (i.e.,"10000000000000000000") BUSD: 0xC57BFAf8FB2BE3DC1dcd49dC53ED37951C587596 USDC: 0x6Ad66Bb20D3ba7ff889635598c103176e2A7D5c1 USDT: 0x7399451B2bD18Ce26b71e6Ea46E82860370F5099 TUSD: 0x289BC293E959F50FAAF9898dD7A58B902CBA647e BTCB: 0x5ac8F5EB22F4b66212B5caB1e118f66478Be6e91 WETH: 0x18D62b6A1893719693e17cc5693b77D3426c28D5 WBNB: 0xae13d989daC2f0dEbFf460aC112a837C89BAa7cd Tokenomics - Previous Bribes Next - Resources Deployed Contracts Last modified 6mo ago On this page DeFi Wallet Setup Kinza Finance V1 Testnet Link Acquiring Tesnet Tokens


Roadmap - Kinza Finance 🗺️ Roadmap Kinza Finance Roadmap Just Getting Started Kinza Finance growth in 2023 involved participation in the Binance Accelerator Program, Binance Labs direct investment, successful testnet launch, deployment of the Kinza mainnet with TVL now surpassing $20 Million, countless strategic partnerships, release of the Airdrop Points System, and launch of the Referral Program. 2024 will be a massive year for Kinza Finance with the KZA TGE and Airdrop kicking off in Q1, then to mobile support improvements, internationalization, security improvements and feature releases. Next, the Kinza team focuses on developing on the DeFi frontier, exploring and testing novel asset opportunities like Inscription, and solutions within the Bitcoin ecosystem. For more information on our roadmap, have a look at our Medium article on the topic. Introduction - Previous Airdrop Next - Lending Core Lending Basics Last modified 2mo ago On this page Kinza Finance Roadmap Just Getting Started


Efficiency Mode - Kinza Finance Efficiency Mode Capital Efficiency Boost Maximizing capital efficiency means enabling users to do more with their assets. Kinza Finance incorporates unique features to maximize capital efficiency, and gives users opportunities to borrow more freely. With Efficiency Mode, certain relationships between assets are leveraged, and adjusted parameters are made available, so that users can more efficiently engage in borrowing and lending when those related assets are used in concert. Essentially, Efficiency Mode, or E-mode, is a boost mode. A user can toggle E-mode on and off, and benefit from a boost in capital efficiency. When Efficiency Mode is turned on, certain assets will now have adjusted values for the following parameters: LTV : E-mode assets when used together will have an increased LTV parameter, allowing a higher maximum loan for the same provided collateral. Liquidation Threshold: E-mode assets when used together can be borrowed with a less sensitive liquidation threshold. Liquidation Penalty: Liquidation penalties are lower when E-mode assets are used. When in Efficiency mode, it is still possible to provide additional non E-mode assets for use as collateral, but assets for borrowing will remain limited to E-mode assets. Lending Core - Previous Capital Efficiency Next Flash Loans Last modified 9mo ago


Glossary - Kinza Finance 🔠 Glossary Definitions & Concepts Collateral Collateral is a term used to describe an asset that a user puts up as a security when borrowing funds from the Kinza Finance protocol. Deposited assets to Kinza Finance can be switched on for use as collateral. The use of a collateral-based system is central to facilitating decentralized and anonymous borrowing activities without intermediaries. DeFi Wallet A DeFi (Decentralized Finance) wallet is a digital wallet that allows users to store, send, and receive cryptocurrencies and other digital assets. DeFi wallets allow investors to maintain full custody of their assets, and are specifically designed for use with DeFi applications and protocols. A DeFi wallet is required for activities on Kinza Finance. Flash Loans Flash loans are loans that allow users to borrow cryptocurrency without collateral for a short period, enabling arbitrage and other trading strategies. Flash Loans are programmed to borrow and repay with interest and fees in a single transaction. A user must develop and program the contract perfectly to interact with all necessary protocols, and ensure the loan is repaid. Health Factor Health factor is a metric used on the Kinza Finance platform to measure the health of a user's account. It is calculated by dividing the value of a user's collateral by the amount of their outstanding debt. Users need to monitor and adjust their positions to maintain a high health factor to avoid liquidation. Liquidity Pools Liquidity pools are DeFi smart contracts that hold cryptocurrency reserves. Liquidity pools are used in different DeFi protocols. On a Decentralized Exchange (DEX), liquidity pools are used to enable trading without intermediaries and power Automated Market Making (AMM). On Kinza Finance, liquidity pools are the contracts that house the digital assets in each lending market that users deposit to, and borrow from. Liquidation Liquidation is the process by which a third-party repays a portion of a borrower's debt to return the borrower to a healthy account. This happens when the value of the borrower collateral drops below a certain threshold, or when their health factor falls below a certain level. Permissionless Kinza Finance is a permissionless system, meaning access to Kinza Finance is universal and equitable. The sequence of actions available to users of the platform occur automatically and according to pre-defined parameters. Yes, until blockchain and DeFi (Decentralized Finance), financial institutions require applicants to go through red tape, submit personal information, and be convinced to give permission to those applicants to take advantage of financial products and services. It is time for a more equitable approach. At Kinza Finance, priority is to create and maintain a sustainable ecosystem with innovative mechanisms to innovate and improve upon decentralized lending. Smart Contract A smart contract is a self-executing contract, with the terms of the agreement between all parties, and intended actions, directly written into lines of code. Smart contracts function like customized software that runs on a blockchain. In DeFi, smart contracts are used to automate financial transactions, such as lending and borrowing, without intermediaries. Yield Yield is the return on investment generated by an asset. In DeFi, yield often refers to the interest earned by lending assets on a DeFi lending protocol. Kinza Finance offers Real Yield to incentivize borrowers and stimulate sustainable liquidity. Resources - Previous FAQ Last modified 4mo ago


Risk Methodology - Kinza Finance 🔏 Risk Methodology Solutions & Analysis Not all assets carry the same underlying risks. The following sections detail the parameters, considerations, and mechanisms used by Kinza Finance to assess and manage asset risk on the platform. As a user, it is important to understand these considerations, and employ additional risk management. Importantly, examine the resources, documentation, and smart contracts of any asset that will be used as a deposit or loan. In addition, it is recommended to research and consider the market and other external factors that influence asset prices. Risk Factors Asset Isolation Reserves Previous Liquidation Next Risk Factors Last modified 9mo ago


Security - Kinza Finance 🛡️ Security Maintaining a Bullet-Proof System Smart Contract Audits Security is of primary importance to any blockchain protocol, and in any situation where smart contracts are involved. Kinza Finance is committed to developing a secure decentralized on-chain money market. Multiple third-parties will thoroughly audit Kinza Finance smart contracts to ensure no stone is left unturned, and all potential vulnerabilities addressed. There will be repeated auditing of all aspects of the platform. Audit Reports Salus Security - June 2023 Kinza Finance - June 2023 Audit (Salus Security).pdf 2MB PDF Omniscia Security - August 2023 Omniscia Kinza Finance Audit Omniscia Kinza Finance Audit Peckshield - November 2023 PeckShield-Audit-Report-Kinza-v1.0.pdf 332KB PDF Bug Bounty Program Bug Bounty Programs further reinforce our security with decentralized crowdsourced smart contract stress-testing and auditing. We currently have a Bug Bounty Program ongoing with our partners HackenProof. Click on the link below for more details on the program: HackenProof Previous opBNB Next - Resources Legal Last modified 3mo ago On this page Smart Contract Audits Audit Reports Bug Bounty Program


FAQ - Kinza Finance 🤔 FAQ Frequently Asked Questions Decentralized Knowledge Have questions? Head over to our Discord and ask a member of our team. Don’t hesitate to jump into the conversation, our community is always happy to help point you in the right direction. Help us grow our FAQ and expand our resources. Decentralized power! At Kinza, we are committed to developing a sustainable and accessible ecosystem, and we welcome and encourage participation regardless of previous experience or technical knowledge. What Is Kinza Finance? Kinza Finance is the next-generation decentralized lending protocol on BNB Chain. Kinza Finance is non-custodial, permissionless, secure, and incorporates cutting-edge DeFi mechanisms and solutions to offer users a flexible and highly customizable DeFi lending experience. Built-in mechanisms and rewards incentivize participation, and innovative tokenomics ensure unparalleled sustainability. For Non-Crypto Natives, What Is Kinza Finance? Kinza Finance is a decentralized lending protocol on the BNB Chain. Kinza Finance allows users to lend and borrow tokens on the BNB Chain network. To borrow, you first need to set up a DeFi wallet, then purchase digital assets, and deposit them for use as collateral. Once you have done this, you can borrow from a range of digital assets, up to a maximum amount, depending on the amount of collateral you provided. Kinza Finance allows anyone to interact with the platform in a completely private, autonomous, permissionless, and transparent way. Explore the Kinza Finance mainnet at app.kinza.finance What Can I Do With Kinza Finance? You can lend and provide liquidity – earning interest paid by borrowers who take out loans with your deposits. You can borrow assets by providing collateral according to a required collateral-borrow ratio, and earn KZA emissions. You can act as a liquidator – purchasing a portion of a loan from an unhealthy account at a discount, and helping keep the platform healthy. You can stake KZA, and participate in governance and voting to direct KZA emissions to chosen pools each week. You can send bribes to KZA voters to influence voting and direct emissions from the outside. You can get involved as a community member and help educate, shape, and build the next-generation on-chain money market with us. $KZA has TGE has not yet occurred, voting, emissions, and bribe mechanisms will be functional after TGE. Is There an Airdrop? Yes! There is an airdrop. In fact, there is a massive Kinza Finance airdrop. The native Kinza Finance token is $KZA. A total potential pool of 5% of the total supply of $KZA (5M $KZA) will be distributed to users who provided liquidity leading up to the $KZA TGE. TGE is the Token Generation Event. Provide Liquidity? Yes, Kinza Finance runs via smart contract powered liquidity pools. If you go to the mainnet app.kinza.finance - you can see how much liquidity is locked into the protocol in various lending markets and asset types. These pools are what allow other users to lend and borrow into and from. When is the TGE? Kinza TGE and Airdrop will take place in Q1, 2024. How Much KZA Will I Get? The Kinza Airdrop Points System helps our users get a sense for how much of the $KZA airdrop they can get following TGE. The system weighs user TVL and Time to determine eligible Airdrop Points. For users who have already been holding TVL on Kinza Finance - a 10% bonus has been added to your points earned up until the launch of the Points System as a sign of our appreciation. Kinza Airdrop Points are calculated like this: $100 worth of TVL deposited for 1 day will generate 1 point. The same amount of points as $50 worth of TVL deposited for 2 days, or $1 worth of TVL deposited for 100 day. Borrowing does not change your earning rate. For instance, if you deposit $100, and borrow $50. You are still earning points at $100 TVL. If you choose to repay the $50 loan, then your TVL will be calculated and your points earned at a $150 total. Navigate to the Points System on Kinza Finance: https://app.kinza.finance/. You will see an “Airdrop” button next to your wallet address, click through and you will land on your dashboard where you can see your points details, as well as access your referral tools. Read more about Kinza Points in this Article and in the Airdrop section of our docs. Is There a Referral System? Yes! The Kinza Referral System gives users the opportunity to grow their eligible airdrop with bonuses by referring users. Each user has a unique Referral code. This code consists of 6 characters. When a user is invited to Kinza Finance with a referral code and binds, deposits on the platform, both the Referrer and Referree earn a 10% bonus on the referred user' airdrop allocation according to their total value of deposits. Learn more about the Referral System in this Article and in the Airdrop section of our docs. Are There Risks as a Kinza Finance User? The risks to a Kinza Finance user can be separated into a few sections: Kinza Platform Smart contracts power the Kinza protocol. These smart contracts have been extensively audited, and security measures have been deployed to maintain a secure system. That being said, skilled hackers can find exploits, and while the risk is low, there is a potential for security breaches by malicious actors. Please check the Security section for more information on Kinza Finance contract Audits and Bug Bounty programs. User Asset Management Kinza Finance is a decentralized platform. This means that to interact with Kinza Finance, you must have a DeFi wallet set up and manage the assets you will use to lend as collateral. Your DeFi wallet will also be where interest-bearing tokens will be stored. Each user must take proper management and security measures to maintain private keys and keep their wallet and enclosed assets safe. User Account Health Users need to keep an eye on their account health factor to avoid liquidations and penalties. Asset-Specific Risk Kinza Finance allows any user to add an asset to the platform and create a new lending market. While security measures have been employed to protect the platform itself from risky and volatile assets with features like asset isolation, individual users are always encouraged to properly vet tokens, assets, and projects and practice risk-management. Risky assets could be increasingly volatile – increase user risk of liquidation, and in some cases – turn out to be untrustworthy or outright scams. Are There Fees? Separate from interest paid by borrowers, Kinza Finance does not charge users for using the protocol. However, because Kinza Finance uses smart contracts to power the platform, gas fees are required for processing and validating transactions. While the BNB Chain is an efficient and comparatively low-fee network, some fees will still be incurred and vary according to transaction complexity and network traffic. When approving a transaction, Kinza Finance users will be prompted with all potential gas fees involved. How Can I Earn on Kinza Finance? Lending - The easiest way to earn on Kinza Finance is to deposit assets that can then be loaned out to borrowers. You will earn majority of the interest paid by borrowers who take out loans in lending markets, in which you have provided liquidity. Borrowing - Kinza KZA tokens are emitted each week (epoch) into lending markets as voted-upon by KZA holders. You can borrow from these chosen lending markets and generate Real Yield to profit as a borrower. Liquidations - You can monitor the health of Kinza Finance accounts and purchase digital assets at a discount, while supporting the platform. KZA holder - Staking KZA will allow you to participate in voting to direct emissions each week. You will also earn a split of borrower interest, and can also earn bribes from external parties who aim to influence votes on the platform. How Can I Get Kinza Finance Token (KZA)? KZA token contract has not been deployed. You cannot currently purchase or earn KZA. 5% of $KZA supply (5M $KZA) will be airdropped to users who support our mainnet leading up to TGE. For a chance to participate in the airdrop, supply supported assets on the Kinza mainnet at app.kinza.finance. Tokenomics $KZA is a BEP-20 token on BNB Chain. Total Supply: 100 Million $KZA Breakdown: Community Emissions (55M): 4 year vesting Investors (12M): 1 year cliff, 3 year linear vesting Team (10M): 1 year cliff, 3 year linear vesting Ecosystem (10M): 50% liquid at TGE, 50% 4 year linear vesting Reserve (5M): 4 year linear vesting Airdrop (5M): Liquid Advisors (3M): 1 year cliff, 3 year linear vesting How Do I Provide Liquidity? Don’t worry, it’s easy :) In brief, you need to set up a DeFi wallet like Metamask, or Trust Wallet, head to app.kinza.finance - and connect to the protocol by clicking “Connect Wallet”. Once connected, you will then be returned to an updated dashboard that will preview all of your available supported assets to supply and put to work on the Kinza Finance protocol. For a step-by-step guide, head over to the How-To in our documentation found 👉 here What Is ve-Real-Yield? Ve-Real-Yield is the name given by Kinza Finance to the innovative tokenomics model created to drive liquidity to lending markets, and support DeFi users with Real Yield for participating in the ecosystem. The ve stands for Vote Escrow, which refers to the voting system used as part of the process for directing KZA emissions each epoch (week). Here is how ve-Real-Yield operates: 55% of the Kinza Finance native token $KZA is programmed to be distributed in weekly emissions over the course of an initial four years. Where do they go? Each epoch (week), a pool of $KZA emissions are released into lending markets on Kinza Finance, primarily as borrower rewards. This means that if you borrow from a lending market that is receiving $KZA emissions, you will earn $KZA rewards that you can find in your rewards page in your Kinza Finance dashboard. But which pools get the rewards? That is up to you! $KZA holders can stake their tokens 1:1 at any time for xKZA. With this token, you have the ability to vote to decide which lending markets will receive the $KZA emissions in the upcoming week. You can vote for multiple pools via weighted votes using your xKZA. By taking part in this process, you will earn a percentage of the interest as well as bribes. $KZA TGE has not yet happened, so rewards and weekly emissions are not occurring. Stay tuned to official channels to be the first to hear about the KZA TGE announcement. Can I Stake $KZA? Kinza Finance has staking! Staking will be available after TGE (not yet occured) As a $KZA holder, you can stake your tokens to receive 1:1 xKZA. With this token, you can vote to decide which lending markets will receive the $KZA emissions in the upcoming week. You can vote for multiple pools via weighted votes using your xKZA. By participating in this process, you will earn a percentage of the interest, as well as bribes. What Are Bribes? More fuel to the fire. Outsiders are able to bribe xKZA voters - at first in the form of $KZA, later via the cryptocurrency of the pool they wish to bribe for (i.e., if they want voters to direct emissions to USDC pool, they can bribe with USDC). Bribes are another form of incentive to allow more users to be involved in directing the token emissions to lending pools in upcoming epochs. Example: Let’s say a DAO is borrowing from the BNB lending market. They decide on a strategy to offset interest on their borrow by earning real yield in the upcoming epoch. To influence the vote and increase the amount of $KZA emissions entering the BNB lending market, the DAO bribes the BNB voting pool with BNB - this further incentivizes xKZA voters to vote for that market and earn a percentage of the bribes. Read more about bribes 👉 Here Who Are Kinza Finance Partners? Kinza Finance is currently partnered with BNB Chain, Chainlink, ListaDAO, Chainstack, The Graph, Nodereal, Foxwallet, Taskon, Safe, Galxe, B.Protocol, SpaceID, and Wombat Exchange. Kinza Finance is building new partnerships every day. For an up to date list of Kinza Finance partners, reference the Kinza Finance official website, and follow our Twitter for partnership announcements. Has Kinza Finance Been Audited? Kinza Finance mainnet has been live for ~ four months, and we have already completed three extensive security audits with our security partners Salus Security, Omniscia Security, and Peckenshield. We are also running a Bug Bounty program with Hackenproof. For an updated list of our security audits, refer to the security page found 👉 Here What Is the Kinza Finance Roadmap? You can also take a look at Roadmap. Furthermore, for some of the innovative features we are working on, check out our Future Development page found 👉 Here Who Is on Kinza Finance Team? Kinza Finance formed from a team of DeFi veterans. They have deep experience in the traditional finance, tech, and blockchain worlds, including experience at Google, Goldman Sachs, and experience building DeFi at GRO and Mantle network. They had the vision to build the pinnacle of sustainable on-chain money markets with a priority on security and capital efficiency. Communications Director, Iain, has a BA in Professional Communication, and five years of experience in DeFi - growing communities, deploying marketing at scale, developing captivating and approachable content, and pushing projects from idea to $100M mcap and beyond. The Kinza Finance team is unified and dedicated to developing Kinza as a sustainable, safe, and sustainable DeFi protocol that delivers unique opportunities to maximize capital efficiency and generate real yield. When Is TGE? KZA Token Generation Event is taking place Q1, 2024. Stay tuned to our official channels, especially our Twitter and Telegram/Discord communities, for consistent development updates and announcements. Discord: https://discord.gg/JFXTEp8Nub Telegram: https://t.me/kinza_finance Twitter: https://twitter.com/kinzafinance Is There a Bug Bounty Program? Yes! We have an ongoing Bug Bounty program with our security partners at HackenProof. Read more about it here: https://hackenproof.com/kinza. Resources - Previous Legal Next - Resources Glossary Last modified 10d ago On this page Decentralized Knowledge What Is Kinza Finance? For Non-Crypto Natives, What Is Kinza Finance? What Can I Do With Kinza Finance? Is There an Airdrop? How Much KZA Will I Get? Is There a Referral System? Are There Risks as a Kinza Finance User? Kinza Platform Are There Fees? How Can I Earn on Kinza Finance? How Can I Get Kinza Finance Token (KZA)? Tokenomics How Do I Provide Liquidity? What Is ve-Real-Yield? Can I Stake $KZA? What Are Bribes? Who Are Kinza Finance Partners? Has Kinza Finance Been Audited? What Is the Kinza Finance Roadmap? Who Is on Kinza Finance Team? When Is TGE? Is There a Bug Bounty Program?


